# Restus-Reservations
A software application to reserve vacation rooms

This project created allows any user to create and reserve vacation rooms. Essentially this software application is a miniature AirBnB app.

I wanted to make this project in particular because it will challenge my understanding of using JavaFX alongside using a database to store information that is needed to be stored.

Knowledge of SQL statements (creating tables and views, querying from tables), SQLiteJDBC (used to create the sqllite connection), and the javaFX(UI design) library were needed to construct this application.

Tech Specifications
- Users Can Create an Account and Login
  - Implemented 2 Permission Levels (Admin, Normal User)
- Users Can Create/Edit/Delete Room Listings.
- Users Can Reserve Room that have not been reserved yet.
- Users Can View Their Reservations
  - Users can check in and check out of their reservations.
- Users Can View/Delete Their Messages (Notifications)
  - Users can respond to autogenerated messages regarding room reservations
  - Users can compose custom messages to send to other users.
- Admins can perform all user functionalities as well as being able to add/view/edit the users list.

Goals in the future
- Improve input validation to shield from potentially bad inputs
- Add an application feature to cancel reservations.
- Improve UI apperance.
- Add the ability to save images.
- Implement a different database to store data. (SQLite databases seem to create a new database instance whenever building the project)

See master branch for the code!
